# Backròóms Mèéting (not in production yet)

Respected Leader VisualPlugin sends a probe with a camera to the Backrooms which will be connected remotely. The probe is equipped with an AI-powered speaker which employs machine learning to best translate the messages of your dear Leader into a manifest form which the Backrooms could natively understand. Those fruitful discussions are conducted via Zoom and. The sentience of the Backrooms agrees to accede Vecistani artificial intelligence to broadcast its distinguished lobby level, the distinguishability of which engenders the most renowned images of liminal aesthetic.

The Earthly profitability of our deal is only bolstered by the proliferation of communities which keenly study the backrooms. Thanks to the ingenuity and witful enterprise of Supreme Respected Leader VisualPlugin, your monumental Nation is afforded an ally previously considered incommunicative by scientists antecedent to the start of our negotiations.

Our principal premise is to employ the Backrooms into a habitable space for a robust and productive labour force. Indeed, the infinite expanse of the metaverses we inhabit only further validate the legitimacy and reciprocibility of our fecund partnership. The Backrooms are eminent for their variety of entities unlike which we have leveraged in the five-year chronicle of our historic Nation. We revel in discovering new avenues to expand our sphere of influence. We further seek to establish clout among Backroom logisticians, the majority of which originate from our allied Earthly civilisations. Your august Leader also anticipates the working incorporation of our robust network of inter-cosmic portals into delivering the Backroom's vast reserves of almond water, thorium, and other native substances. Indeed, the citizenry of Vecistan shall live in greater prosperity thanks to your assiduous Leader.

In the early days of the 4th year of our Merciful Era, we invented a novel means to create portals to and from Earth. Despite the high energy consumption required to allow for foreign implementations, our Respected Leader VisualPlugin cleverly outlined and implemented a parallel-process scheme to draw power from the metaverse's infinite reserves and exploit Earth's limited physical constitution to summon portals therein with perfect accuracy. These tools specially equip us to communicate to the characteristically enigmatic sentience of the Backrooms in an exceedingly direct and clear manner. Indeed, your well-platformed chairplugin is the sole proprietor of technology to bridge disparate cosmoses.
